Q-1 Write a Scenario of Whatsapp payment
A-1 Whatsapp scenario are below here.....
	
1. check whatsapp payment is running properly when you payment.
2. check in other device payment process is successfully done or not.
3. check barcode scanner is running properly or not.
4. check the payment mode in another brower it is working or not.
5. check connectivity on internet connection.
6. verify the payment process is done or not with opposite person
7. check the whatsapp payment mode is agree with using onther application supported or not.
8. if whatsapp pament is not working then find how many person they are related with this type of issues.
9. in another browser whatsweb payment process is running or having an some issues check it.
10. check it whatsapp payment process is running with wifi connection or not sometimes its happend.


Q-2 Write a Scenario of whatsapp Group (generate group)
A-2 Whatsapp grouop scenario are below here.....

1. check whatsapp group security.
2. verify the group generating process is regularly working or not
3. when generating group check internet connection.
4. check how many person you can add when group generating.
5. select the persons whi can drop a massage in group.
6. verify the persons who have rights to delete message if which is insentitive for other member.
7. verify the member of admin who are selectative by group owner.
8. verify all admin member can drop message in group or not.
9. who can change group photo verify it.
10. check in onther device whatsapp group can properly woking or not.
11. check another device with same number you can create group or not.
12. find out if you cant create group thats type error how many people can related.
13. check internet connectivity sometimes it could not generating group due to no network connection.
14. check pin message can see all the group member on not.
15. check all member who can add by you and all are member you know them because of group security.
16. verify if group created the rules  of groups.
17. check in pc or laptop you can create a group or not.
18. verify the group name who can change or who can't.
19. varify the sending message avaibility in group for 1 day, 1 week.
20. check we can add new member in group or not
21. check admin can remove person is removed on time or not.
22. verify new futures can showing in group or not.     

